you're very good kids and we
here with another video of plates 2 this time
with the diamond paddler and attention
because it will get to mark the raid
as I tell you because a hint here and
he killed 14 fit second third and the
fourth that appears but with tomato and I
you do the wifi but to the bed
kids, my mother, yes, the same
grace did to me when the
fourth but good to do that I know it will be
in terrestrial war will take and the xp re
50 because with a sniper the
It is very easy when you are here
I frame that of the suicide
suicide just because there was the
frank against two enemies good to
from now on what those who are
place there with the franc to catch
let's say the
this is typical that I know that I am called and
we are in raid like I said to the
principle that said that from
now mark the war because almost
all the clips have raid are based on
that kids that I went with the ballista the
truth that moved us always is not very
simple so highlight your great
result but hey it's a 3812 that I
I make a gold match by teams and
maui more than half of the casualties me
alone and also with the franc when
I also use them a lot
the gun up to 45 but hey it was
and I said to see the first well that first
that imply a table that I mention because
I was so eager to comment
something that I said for the first kings that
imply take me out that base from this
late and this was not what I want
to comment is to make a versus versus between
pc and xbox know that yesterday go up uploading
a boxing from the pc that bought me the
I'm really happy and it's about
fable and the video has been seen as
I will leave in the description for a
notation that is quite curious in
a boxing or total that I bought from the pc
such and I was testing the truth does not touch
of this weekend xbox I was
testing the white these for pc that
you know I was free in sting that
climbed a track plus stacks team 7
retweet from one of my tweets stacks the
by day I like the video is from me
first game on pc and those that
youtubers in front of you to volley
when when someone gives me I like a
video so that people go back to
see that you have uploaded that video retweet
I happened to do it quite funny
and that was when I pz put him there
the graphics to the top there are many more
options I started that in console there is no
in xbox is not even that textures
that they were the play good because I started
there's also that of shadows I do not know
I do not know how many things
and total that I put everything to the maximum
one thing I like a lot is this I do not know
what it's called but it gives you
depth to the soul you see the soul from
I was further back, I've lived
seen some fish bill to what I
I mean you see the gun as well as a little
is more backwards that also what
you have what you have to customize it in
the pc and it's pretty good the truth that
I like to put a little bit of that
I really was all weekend
good all weekend trying like this
some pills talks about pc stuff and I do not
connection failed even once that is
is that not even once a host
not a single one gave me a tie there was not the
anger was paradise because this is normal
and I was there as a rally of 50 of 60
such is that quite happy all that what
bad is that if a bank but good
I improved quite the weekend with the
keyboard and mouse such that today Monday such me
I put xbox to try the changes
yews every three seconds
what most impacted me the most
if at the beginning the graphics tells us
that you notice so much the difference of pc to
the console but I was blown away because
I swear at the beginning it was believed that I had
the xbox with this connected by the three
red and white yellow wires and this
it can not be what happens if I have it
here connected with h & m not juren noticed
an incredible difference and then already from
the connection is that I tell you all the
late with three stripes that I was hitting
the glasses all the late tip and that's
changed yews every three seconds I
I'm better off a lot because then the
games are not kept whole
in movie mode
after I say I'm going to make a comment
doing a comparison because it is
that really kids if some game what
I can play I started that guy
throws to the sea that already for the gem uncle that
he already pointed so he shot him in all the
head and what is being said if
can take advantage of playing a game in the
pc I was passing the xbox also not
you need capturing and with the cucumber
he can record what the
win even crisis 3 I think less
they have to go through the code of
buy the graphic of the series 7.900
they gave you exist and the infiniti and
that goes by code and when you have the
code upload some clean because it
it has to be already past the graphics
that's true, those kids do not
I know for my PC lp camille kick that
console to both play and xbox I do not know what
what do you think because after
be testing this weekend and you
I say good have been my
my comparisons the connection the
graphics is that all kids of the
configuration to give to and the
deep as he had been very good
I just wanted to say that in the
comments that you have not tried
pc well you could not tell me much
but it was good just that for
the video
I left the idea that I love you
will process so it was not very good but
It was the first thing that had taken me out of the
list to use more the barista than the
of that ere I have there as my
times the same thing gives me to use the
serra saco that the same thing gives me for
use the ballista and he has not even
given but to the cinema mode in the game as well
I gave him but the cinema mode marks you
here and how are those of hamas and
is saying that by the branches
so now he's giving me to use
all ballista the truth that I had a
era and that separate me now I'm with
the ballista at the top of power I want to
quick look so nothing kids
it is simply coming to an end
gin market in the final and go to the king
kong was the final crumb and making a
click now it seems to me that he killed me three
and I have to make the death chamber
but he fucked me a lot with batista
confirm that you already know that this franc
if you do not hit him in the fucking head or in the
neck is that they do not charge you if you have
bad connection because you see that they are there
behind this wall
this because here I give this fact
because that's the fucking cliché in the
back and it does not die and here it is already marked
in the last sheet and live but fails fucking
fuck kid but I was not I want them
what do you think in the comments of
some pc test this weekend
that was free and all that what
reflects is your opinion in the
comments of 38 12 not always very
gameplay arm the kids but I hope
video like that and liked
favorites see you tomorrow all other more
god kids
we are putting a boxing
goodbye